it's a lovely raspberry oh yes I knew
it's not the real ricotta Queen's crown
you'll have to be officially crowned by
princess berrykin but I wanted you to
get the whole you know the whole idea I
really feel like a cream goodness sake
is that your ricotta Queen costume
it is indeed didn't raspberry do a
wonderful job you do berry bitty city
justice thank you thank you know as well
[Music]
Wow it's the invitation to your spring
fashion show at the fountain Thank You
raspberry oh it's beautiful
oh I'm sorry raspberry but berrykin
Bruce planned the big water show weeks
ago and wanted to keep it a surprise
otherwise he would have known that he
wanted the same date as you well I
couldn't move my dates and him to
recenter the invitations
[Music]
see we can work this out
hi strawberry hi raspberry hello
I wonder if you could help us berrykin
Bruce a raspberry sent out invitations
to a fashion show she has planned around
the fountain a fashion show how very
wonderful my new spring women and it's
more the same day that you wanted to do
your washing Shh it's a surprise I know
she only told me her well I was
wondering since no one knows about it
yet could you maybe be flexible with
your date maybe you could put yourself
one day or have it the day before or two
days before or do days after am I
invited
sure of course you're invited well I
don't see why I couldn't have the water
show the day after thank you Bruce you
saved why Spring Fashion Show oh well
it's nothing I'm glad to help
[Music]
you